hello walls in this video I'm
I fulfill the request of my young subscribers
who were interested in what I have
There are covers on the phone I'll probably start by
order the first two covers that i
acquired this spiderman
and mmm I still like crazy
This case is unusual and I like it
I did not see the cover
I bought it in a regular store where
just sold the covers on the tablet on
phones and all sorts of bells and whistles so to speak
next time and on time I don’t know me
he seems so cool and bright
such
I know delicious so to speak but the only
minus the fact that he is in this phone case
huge in jeans pockets it fits
with difficulty and he's all so cumbersome
so I only wear it when
tell my mood
The next case I purchased is
here is such
so little yellow so practical
is it if you watch some movie or
video on youtube is very very convenient but
girls if you choose
look like a case like this
mount we took 2 case for myself and my husband
there was already a little bit of another attachment and
this one here flew off in his
during the week just pay all the same
a lot of money and that the rank of the fact
broke down
It certainly hurts so next
The next case I purchased is
here is such a pink it is dermantine ways
with inserts so plastic which
made under metallic
He did not like crazy here but my direct
unfortunately you see he is already starting
climb out
gay rush so girls don't advise
take
dermantina you covers because it's
for a little while i'm a carrier well of course i contributed
probably for a month they take me off
madly just liked and with him that's
such things began to happen by
these girls don't advise choose something
another next case and the cheapest
I bought this case in the collection
the shop of qi fractions he walked with varnish
I watched it the same even when someone we
the phone was not what I want to say case
disgusting he badly holds the phone he
generally uncomfortable and some kind of it
I know what kind of Chinese adits
some kind of not very carefully done
not under the phone somehow here I have it
Well, how beautiful it is
is burning and no more so next
Case is also one of my favorites that
I went now in my whole March this
Here is such a sitting it on freejam
silicone
That's about silicone and it does not slip it
very insanely comfortable it's nice on
touch and the phone in it seems weightless
just like that little
express small but he starts here
here here is rubbing of course therefore mismo
larvae if someone likes this
I now like the plan, I like it, I bought it
still the same but natural angles are very
it is quickly erased therefore it is better to take that
here is such a glossy plan and not
scratched but not erased in general
deficiencies in those and in those there and here
the last of my acquisitions is this
such a bright solar giraffe me
loved him too so he asked
equine and so nice to the touch here
somehow pimples he goes and here here
the stripes here are these all choose
I also like very, very much and for a long time
I have long dreamed of buying one
plan cover he goes
on a magnet and here is a place for a coin
drove cars to be honest I was a model
I wanted to let the club take
I don’t have any money
carry the phone in jeans and not
it is also very convenient to bathe
I did not wear it is very very
like he reminds so much like
velvet so very nice here you are
I know how long this clasp will last
on a magnet
no bizu that's basically all my covers
everybody has such a small collection
I have silicone drying for such
these bunnies
but I don't like him very much
the phone pops up and he 's somewhere he doesn't
already lying around my daughter because I don't
I wear this all my collection I probably
the near future is not yet acquire
it will seem to me just enough
I hope you were interested in likes
subscribe to my channel and all for now